Add directive examples in Scala Native docs (#2774)
VirtusLab/scala-cli: website/docs/guides/advanced/scala-native.md

scala-cli Test.scala --native --native-version 0.4.3
```

> These can also be set in a file, or in a project (in your [`project.scala`](https://scala-cli.virtuslab.org/docs/reference/root-dir/) file) by [`using`](https://scala-cli.virtuslab.org/docs/reference/scala-command/directives/#platform) [directives](https://scala-cli.virtuslab.org/docs/reference/scala-command/directives/#examples-16):

Reviewer: the `#examples-16` tag might not be a stable reference, better to refer to `#scala-native-options`
```suggestion
These can also be set in a file, or in a project (in your [`project.scala`](https://scala-cli.virtuslab.org/docs/reference/root-dir/) file) by [`using`](https://scala-cli.virtuslab.org/docs/reference/scala-command/directives/#platform) [directives](https://scala-cli.virtuslab.org/docs/reference/scala-command/directives/#scala-native-options):
```
